Adds Enum Type Default Value Uses Inaccessible Value Rule (#47)
graphql/composite-schemas-spec: spec/Section 4 -- Composition.md

### Pre Merge Validation

#### Enum Type Default Value Uses Inaccessible Value

**Error Code**

`ENUM_TYPE_DEFAULT_VALUE_INACCESSIBLE`

**Formal Specification**

- {ValidateArgumentDefaultValues()} must be true.
- {ValidateInputFieldDefaultValues()} must be true.

ValidateArgumentDefaultValues():

- Let {arguments} be all arguments of fields and directives across all subgraphs
- For each {argument} in {arguments}
  - If {IsExposed(argument)} is true and has a default value:
    - Let {defaultValue} be the default value of {argument}

>     - If not ValidateDefaultValue(defaultValue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If not {ValidateDefaultValue(defaultValue)}
```

      - return false
- return true

ValidateInputFieldDefaultValues():

> - Let {inputFields} be all input fields of across all subgraphs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Let {inputFields} be all input fields across all source schemas
```

- For each {inputField} in {inputFields}:
  - Let {type} be the type of {inputField}
  - If {IsExposed(inputField)} is true and {inputField} has a default value:
    - Let {defaultValue} be the default value of {inputField}

>     - if ValidateDefaultValue(defaultValue) is false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If {ValidateDefaultValue(defaultValue)} is false
```

      - return false
- return true

ValidateDefaultValue(defaultValue):

- If {defaultValue} is a ListValue:
  - For each {valueNode} in {defaultValue}:
    - If {ValidateDefaultValue(valueNode)} is false
      - return false
- If {defaultValue} is an ObjectValue:
  - Let {objectFields} be a list of all fields of {defaultValue}
  - Let {fields} be a list of all fields {objectFields} are referring to
  - For each {field} in {fields}:
    - If {IsExposed(field)} is false
      - return false
  - For each {objectField} in {objectFields}:
    - Let {value} be the value of {objectField}
    - return {ValidateDefaultValue(value)}
- If {defaultValue} is an EnumValue:
  - If {IsExposed(defaultValue)} is false
    - return false
- return true

**Explanatory Text**

This rule ensures that inaccessible enum values are not exposed in the composed schema through default values.

> Output field arguments, input fields and directive arguments must only use enum values as their default value that is not annotated with the `@inaccessible` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output field arguments, input fields, and directive arguments must only use enum values as their default value when not annotated with the `@inaccessible` directive.
```

In this example the `FOO` value in the `Enum1` enum is not marked with

> `@inaccessible`, hence it doesn't violate the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@inaccessible`, hence it does not violate the rule.
```

```graphql
type Query {
  field(type: Enum1 = FOO): [Baz!]!
}

enum Enum1 {
  FOO
  BAR
}
```

> This following example violates this rule because the default value for the field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example violates this rule because the default value for the field
```

`field` in type `Input1` references an enum value (`FOO`) that is marked as
`@inaccessible`.

```graphql counter-example
type Query {
  field(arg: Enum1 = FOO): [Baz!]!
}

input Input1 {
  field: Enum1 = FOO
}

> directive @directive1(arg: Enum1 = FOO) on FIELD_DEFINITION

Reviewer: Should this be removed or described? It's not part of the example description above, and also not in the "good" example.

(same in the next counter-example)

enum Enum1 {
  FOO @inaccessible
  BAR
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Missing description of counter-example.
